Israeli war planes relentlessly pound
residential areas hospitals and refugee
camps in Northern
Gaza soldiers Patrol the streets in Gaza
City their commanders say that Hamas has
lost control in the northern part and
that the Israeli Army's main mission is
to destroy
tunnels and command
centers prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu faces growing anger at home
for failing to deter the October the 7th
attacks the war in Gaza and its
aftermath will decide his political
future I can tell you what they won't be
they won't be Hamas they can't be an
authority headed by someone who after 30
days after the massacre has yet to
condemn the terrible Massacre it's not
possible there will have to be something
else there but either way they will have
to be our security control Netanyahu
denied reports suggesting his government
May hand over Gaza to the Palestinian
Authority his farri allies itar bav and
bit SMR are in favor of sending settlers
back to Gaza and forcing Palestinians
into permanent migration abroad Hamas
says the war is far from over and the
group will fight attempts to allow
president Mahmud Abbas regain control of
the
territory we tell the American
Administration and the leaders of the
occupation Gaza will only be governed by
its people there will be no political or
security Authority except for the
Palestinians there we are a free people
who do not accept guardianship from
anyone and our blood and our lives will
be the price for our freedom and of our
dignity Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas
faces a delicate task if he agrees to a
deal with Israel during the war
Palestinians with see it as an act of
betrayal and that will further evode his
grip on power in the West Bank something
abas fat movement wants to prevent I
think uh if we get our act together if
we come out of the blame game internally
if we are to uh focus on the future and
be convinced that netanyahu's war is not
only on Gaza it is in on the West Bank
as well so he'll finish with Gaza turn
to the West Bank uh his concept is
the total displacement of Palestinians
is the eradication of Palestinian
identity last week Arab and Muslim
leaders held a meeting in Saudi Arabia
to discuss Gaza they called for an end
to the war and for humanitarian Aid to
be allowed into the strip but they also
made it clear they won't send troops to
police the territory a risky move they
all understand May fuel anger among
their people hash
Al